No no haha I'm actually flattered someone bothered to engage me this deep into a discussion. 

> I just find the attitude of labeling people as hipsters and belittling them, purely for how they look, deeply repugnant.

I belittle hipsters because I see it as a way to level-out the snobbery.  

Independent thinkers don't give a damn what anyone thinks and just get on with the hobbies they enjoy regardless of how it makes them look. These people are fine. They get labelled hipsters, but they're not -  they just live their lives.

Hipsters actively pursue a hobby or subscribe to a school of thought *not because they derive enjoyment from it*, but because of how that activity makes them look. Their enjoyment is derived from the satisfaction of appearing  derive from that image.

As you say, I'm probably projecting at this stage - but good examples of this are people who wear plain-glass glasses, people who spend extra money on Macbooks to make them look artistic, and people who shred a perfectly good pair of jeans to look "outdoorsy".

These are people I purposefully belittle because of what I see as the intention of their activities, which is based entirely on a false and shallow premise. I'm sure there are exceptions, I'm sure people are complex and do things for a variety of different reasons and their face-value intent is likely well-meaning. But there is still the underlying issue of false hipster culture, it is a large and measurable elitist group that exists because of the thoughtless actions of these people, and I don't want to encourage it, so I mock it.


> Instead a tattoo is a memento, it acts as a trigger for a thought for the wearer. Maybe a memory, maybe a desire, maybe just a link through time back to when the tattoo was fresh, maybe something completely different.

I completely agree!

> But even if part of the tattoos existence is to project an image, which seems to be the bit you don't like, so what? Even if that was the only reason, again, so what? 

Because it propagates elitism. It's a statement that "I belong to this group, and therefore that makes me <tough/beautiful/artistic>". It's a declaration of insecurity 

You say it completely undermines the personal/public self-expression that people get tattoos for. But how is that even vaguely possible, how could one person does for other people, effect something another does for themselves? At worst, someone snarky could make a shallow judgement about one of them, and then apply it to everyone.. which is seemingly exactly what you did.


